JPacman Scenarios
(c) Arie van Deursen, Delft University of Technology
25 January 2011


1. Background

This document describes a series of additional JPacman user scenarios 
for UNDO story, following the format of behavior-driven development 
(see http://dannorth.net/whats-in-a-story/). 
Thus, each scenario is of the form:

Title (one line describing the story)
 
Narrative:
As a    [role]
I want  [feature]
So that [benefit]
 
Acceptance Criteria: (presented as Scenarios)
 
Scenario 1: Title
Given [context]
  And [some more context]...
When  [event]
Then  [outcome]
  And [another outcome]...
 
Scenario 2: ...



STORY 7 -- UNDO:
As a player,
 I want to be able to undo a move I regret, 
 including all ghost moves made since my previous move; 
So that I can continue the game in the state just before my last move.

Scenario S7.1: Undo the player's move
Given the game has started,
  and my pacman has moved to an empty cell;
When  I press "Undo" button;
Then  my pacman moves to the cell it was previously in,
  and the ghosts move to the cell they were in just before my last move.

Scenario S7.2: The player vomits out the food
Given the game has started,
  and my pacman has moved to a cell containing food;
When  I press "Undo" button;
Then  my pacman moves to the cell it was previously in,
  and the food reappears in the cell I had previously moved to,
  and the points I earn from eating that food are reduced from my score,
  and the ghosts move to the cell they were in just before my last move.

Scenario S7.3: Pacman resurrects
Given the game has started,
  and pacman has died by ghost;
When  I press the "undo" button;
Then  resurrect pacman in the previous cell, 
  and ghost in previous cell, 
  and the games resumes from the state it was in just before my last move. 

Scenario S7.4: Undo player's win, extends S7.2
Given the game has started,
  and I have won the game; 
When  I press the "undo" button; 
Then  I "un-win" the game,
  and move ghost to the cell it was in just before my last move, 
  and make food in cell visible again.

Scenario S7.5: Undo the ghost's move to a cell containing food
Given the game has started,
  and ghost is currently in a cell where there was food before it got there;
When  I press the "undo" button;
Then  move ghost to the cell it was in just before my last move, 
  and make food in cell visible again.
  
Scenario S7.6: Suspend the game,
Given the game has started,
  and I have pressed the "undo" button;
When  a tick event occurs;
Then  all moves from ghosts and the player are suspended.